this video is brought to you by our
trusted graphics partner Nvidia welcome
to my unboxing and first look at the
SteelSeries apex raw gaming keyboard
this is also the first unboxing that
we're doing in our all-new steel series
themed gaming den set that we're going
to be using for steel series unboxings
as well as steel series product videos
showing you everything that there is to
know about their products which are
somehow different from unboxings in a
certain way that is different alright so
let's start with what they have to say
for themselves about this designed for
quick reflexes this is a low profile
keyboard meaning that the keys don't
need to be pressed down as far in order
to actuate them it does use membrane key
switches rather than mechanical key
switches but given the price this should
pretty much be expected it has raised
macro keys and we're going to show you
how this is used for fast key
combinations as well as a brilliant
white backlight with eight different
levels of brightness other than that I
pretty much know everything else there
is to know about this keyboard having
already looked at all this stuff so
let's go ahead and get it open so steel
series has a plain black box with a
black mat inside and then once you open
it up you find pretty much the keyboard
itself in a plastic sleeve which I am
having a great amount of difficulty
removing and there we go that's my big
effort that's like you know some kind of
combo that I unlocked it's like the
plastic removal and put the product down
combo there we go
okay we've also got a Quick Start Guide
which should be pretty much plug the
thing into the thing although they might
give you a few little instructions about
how to use the software that's included
because there's some neat functionality
in there and last but not least you've
got a couple of rubber feet that can be
used to adjust the angle of the keyboard
so those just come in a little ziploc
bag here so we're going to go ahead and
put that behind it and show you guys
first the bottom of the keyboard and
there was a cat incident so yes alright
so on the bottom you've got these two
rubber feet that do not move and then
you've got these two here which can be
removed just by popping them off and
then you can plug a new one into it to
give the keyboard more of an angle
compared to if you don't plug it in so
there you go you can see that raises it
about
two meter or so maybe a little bit more
than a centimeter and that's pretty much
it for the bottom of the keyboard other
than that it's well a keyboard so let's
move on to the top layout wise I'm so
happy to see SteelSeries has not
committed any cardinal sins as I like to
call them in terms of the layout long
Shift key long enter long backspace and
I love to see that macro keys are also
sort of uniquely positioned on this
particular keyboard in that they are
here on the left where we've seen them
many many times and they are also that
that data above all of the F keys this
is for a number of reasons so the ones
here are because when you're on the WASD
Keys which are you know pretty much the
most common gaming Keys you can reach
this you can reach this you can kind of
reach this you definitely can't reach
another row over and we've seen
keyboards with as many as two or three
banks of keys they're past two it gets a
little bit on the impractical side these
ones up here are meant for people who
often use their F keys for binding
abilities or whatever else so what you
can do is you can either hit a macro key
and you can actually see I'll give you
guys a better angle here you can see
that the macro key is raised
significantly above the F key this
allows you to feel where the macro key
is without actually activating either of
the buttons or you can actually program
the keys to do a particular thing and
then a particular thing so you can
actually hit a couple of them one two or
even three buttons as a as a combination
move so this could be like you know fire
one bank of missiles fire two fire all
of them because we're stuffs getting
real so go for it so that's really neat
so there's five here twelve here for a
total of 17 macro buttons and you can
use the l1 or the l2 buttons to switch
the functionality so you can have an
unlimited number of profiles within the
SteelSeries engine software and then you
can have two layers of macro
functionality per profile another really
cool thing I mean this is the one of the
things they'd actually don't talk about
that much in the marketing but I think
is really cool is you can completely
reprogram any key on the keyboard to do
pretty much whatever you want you don't
have to leave it the way it is stock so
you can see SteelSeries has relocated
the Windows key from the right to the
left and the SteelSeries key from the
left to the right you can see my older
7d
here has a SteelSeries key on the left
and a Windows key on the right so
according to the feedback they've gotten
people want the steal or they want the
Windows key back on the left so they've
gone ahead and done that now this is an
ergonomic thing that slick diesel and I
all agreed on when we saw this keyboard
in the SteelSeries suite and that is
this longer spacebar so I'm going to try
and give you guys a good look at this I
have two different feet on it right now
so don't worry it doesn't normally do
that but there you go so what this does
is when you're typing a short space bar
is fine
it doesn't make any difference because
you rest just the the side of your thumb
on the key however when you're gaming
you're much more likely to end up in a
situation where you have your thumb
resting down like this because you're
not sitting on the home row you're
actually a little bit further up than
that so what this does is it's it's it's
just meant to be a more natural way to
press the spacebar without actually
interfering with normal typing so I
think that's a pretty cool little thing
as well and moving right along oh yeah I
should probably show you guys just the
overall design of the keyboard I mean I
talked about how it's low profile but it
has sort of a cool low profile shape to
it as well so I'll do my traditional
iPhone size comparison although with the
ht1 HTC One coming soon I might be doing
away with that pretty soon so at its
thinnest point it's actually a little
thinner than an iPhone 4 and then at the
thickest point up on the top it is
significantly thicker than an iPhone 4
so it has kind of a curvy is sort of
angular angular shape to it overall you
can actually see I'll show you guys
right here up close if you want to see
how much the buttons actually need to be
depressed that is not to say sad but
pressed down in order to actuate them
one thing I missed about the layout is
they've added little bumps on the W key
so this allows you to more easily find
your way back to them I personally don't
find something like that that helpful
because my landmarks are usually more to
do with the positioning of my spacebar
and my shift and then I can find my way
back to the WASD but if you have trouble
finding it in the dark then that's
something that you can definitely
benefit from now I'm going to go ahead
and plug it in and we'll be back in a
moment so there are only a few things
that are really left we've got it
plugged in now you can see the backlight
but we're going to turn the lights off
to show it to you in more detail
so the SteelSeries key is used to
control backlight brightness as well as
your media keys volume up volume down
all that good stuff and they have riad
'add the diagonal keys over here so they
had taken them away on some keyboard and
then a bunch of people are upset so they
have now brought them back if you wanted
the diagonal Keys back then now you have
them it does support up to 20
simultaneous button presses which is
sort of an anti ghosting type feature
that prevents you from accidentally
triggering random extra events which is
what ghosting actually refers to most
gaming keyboards do have this feature
but 20 is pretty aggressive especially
for a USB model and one thing that's
kind of cool about it as well is they
have reduced the width of the keyboard a
little bit by narrowing the gaps that
you usually find between the three
different groupings of keys on the
keyboard itself so it makes it still
have a very large layout so you've still
got extra keys at the top and on the
side but without being sort of
extraordinarily wide like something like
a g15 gen1 which is sort of like that
that first weird sort of lots of macros
gaming keyboard all that I'd like that
screen on the top and all that the wrist
rest is a little bit longer than usual
so when you're resting on the home row
you're going to find yourself right
around here so there you go I personally
find that more comfortable it's one of
the things I like about the 7g and just
like about a lot of the other keyboards
that are out there is very very short
wrist rests and I think that pretty much
wraps it up so I'm going to run around
and turn off some lights and we'll show
you guys the eight different levels of
backlighting that are available on it
there's still a window open so there's
still some light in here but we're going
to go ahead and step it down one by one
so it still built it's off now there we
go and I think that's pretty much it
thank you for checking out my unboxing
and first look at the SteelSeries apex
raw don't forget to subscribe - tech
tips from unboxings reviews and other
computer videos